I am a sociology major, with a minor in society and law which is about how society and culture combine to affect socio groups. I am planning to use this major in order to get into law school so i am more focused on long term education
I originally was born in Cape Verde, a small island off of the African coast. When i was a young child i was brought by my mom to San Diego, i have been living in San Diego for most of my life. SO i mostly spent my time at the beach, hiking, and eating great food. I am an only child but i am very  close with both of my parents.
I am an only child so i have lived alone in my own room my entire life, but i am hopeful.
It depends on the night but I love mexican food. I also like Pho and like everyone else I like fast food occasionally but I do consider myself healthy.  
Most nights of the week I wake up before noon but not before 8 am. On nights where I have no morning classes the next day my bedtime can get quite late but I very occassionally wake a roommate up.
I'm not a lightweight I have demonstrated, but I wouldn't call myself a heavy drinker either. As with most drugs I tend to consume more socically than personally.
I smoke a fuckload of weed. Like honestly in might be a problem but its not one im trying to fix right now. It solves way more problems than it causes for me so thats my justification. I have no problem sharing weed, in my opinion it sould be communal.
Not really but I never desecrate the good name of a backwood, dutch, or white owl. Also I give no fucks in regard to drug usage if it doesnt step on my toes
Anytime I'm playing videogames or smoking or rolling I'll likely be playing hip-hop, 90s music, alternative, or the occassional classic. Beyond that I tend to be respectful to the environment I'm in so just ask and Ill be quiet.
Definately do I enjoy to trip here and there but I try to keep that to under a month. I have no problem if my roommates have, use, sell, grow, etc psychedelics.
Twice a week I try to hit the gym near the student center with my dormmates so I'll probably be finding someone to workout with.
I party pretty hard when I get the opportunity, again social drug use. But I don't get hit up all too frequently so my attendance is fairly sparse.
Nothing but Call of Duty and anyhting made by Bethseda. Yes I am a cancerous 12yr old 
No I am not very organized at all. I've been improving quite a bit since coming to college but wow am I not there yet. 
Have over who you have over. I'll have over who I have over, and if there's a problem we can talk about it and resolve it promptly.
Just talk to me about it and we'll work it out. I dont expect to have any issues with pets but if it becomes invasive then it might be a problem. Like I said, we'll talk about it.
Basically anything funny, animated, exciting, not gorey, any psychological thriller, etc.
I'm a structural engineering major because I really like the concept erecting something in the sky from nothing, permanenet.
I'm a straight guy looking for at most a casual relationship but nothing too serious for the time being. 
Numbers R cool.
Ones that lead off of a cliff.
No, I just want to die.