I have not decided exactly what i want to study long term. I focused on getting my general education first and then i will make a clearer decision. I believe online i am listed as undeclared, i know i want to have a science major but that is all i know so far
I come from a very small town in northern california. I have a very big family, we live right by a camping ground so i did alot of outdoor activities. I have spent most of my childhood babysitting my younger siblings and studying.
Since i come from a big family shared my room with two of my sisters. We shared everything all the time, sometimes i would get annoyed but the older i got the easier it was to divide the room.
Always a treat to eat at Truluck's where the seafood is so fresh you can almost smell the ocean. Also has a terrific happy hour
I average anywhere from 5-10 hours a night depending on what night of the week and if I have homework etc.
I enjoy a drink now and then in a social setting but beyond that I tend toward moderation.
I smoke copious amounts of marijuana daily. My smoking habits include frequent blunt and joint consumption along with extensive bong rips.
Just blunt wraps but I have no objection to others usage.
I love to listen to music while studying, smoking and hanging out. I like listening to everything except country music other than that Im openminded.
I tend to stick to psychedelics such as LSD or Psilocybin since I prefer to avoid long term cognitive detriment.
No but I still have high metabolism so im skinny. I do like to spend time outdoor though.
I go to parties but not every week. 
I play things like CSGO, MarioParty, MarioKart, First person shooters, etc. 
I'm not a very type A "has their shit together" type of person so primarily, no I'm not very organized.
I have no preference.
Nothing that Ill have to smell or be afraid of.
Yes I love comedies, movies, Netflix, and I have a huge TV.
I'm a very passionate CogSci major because I think that cognition and adaptive systems in general will be the basis of the next technological revolution.
Single and looking to mingle.
I like to party.
I tried to pour water on it. Then it exploded.
Yes, I still have my virginity, what can we do about that?